Update workflows to grab orbit data from CDSE (#239)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-autorift: CHANGELOG.md

and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.14.0]
### Added
* `check_esa_credentials` function to `__main__.py` to check for the existence of Dataspace credentials before processing begins.

> ### Update
> * Updated workflows to hyp3lib v2.0.2, which uses the new Copernicus Dataspace Ecosystem API to download orbit files.
> * Calls to `downloadSentinelOrbitFile` to specify the `esa_credentials` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
* Updated `hyp3lib` to  v2.0.2+, which uses the new Copernicus Dataspace Ecosystem API to download orbit files.
* Calls to `downloadSentinelOrbitFile` now specify the `esa_credentials` argument.
```

Updated isn't a [KeepAChangeLog section](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/#how)
